Previously on Return.
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
I'm your attorney, Mr. Kang.
I'll clear your name first.
In Ho didn't murder her.
What is your real reason behind killing Yum Mi Jung?
Joon Hee is alive.
Where did it all go wrong?
(Episode 13)
Hey, have you gone mad?
You came an hour late.
The taxi driver looked at me suspiciously.
What about Kim Byung Gi?
He's been calling and texting me.
He's throwing a tantrum.
Until when do you want me to ignore him?
What will you do if he gets angry and goes to the police?
Then he wouldn't get his two million dollars.
Do you want me to keep ignoring him?
If that's what you want, why are we here?
Stay quiet, will you?
(Druggie)
- Should I take it? - Wait.
How long?
Get off the car right now, and walk there.
When he hangs up, call him again right away.
Why is it so complicated?
What did I tell you a while ago?
What? The car accident?
Right. There's a money bag in the trunk. Take it.
Do you think...
I'm an idiot?
Do just as I say.
All right.
How dare he? Is he out of his mind?
(Abuser)
What's wrong with you?
Well, listen. I got into a car accident on my way.
Jerk. So what happened?
I just got off the taxi. I'm walking there now.
Where are you?
Where do you think? We were supposed to meet at the underpass.
My gosh.
You punk.
So you didn't get hurt, did you?
My dash cam, GPS, and the memory card.
Bring them to me.
Come on.
Do you want to check?
I should trust you.
That's right.
Think about the time we spent together.
You didn't save the file or anything, right?
No way.
You know that I'm not that big of a slime ball.
Are you serious right now, jerk?
How dare you talk to me so rudely?
Hey, am I your friend?
Am I?
Hey.
Let me slap you...
for one last time and wrap this up.
I gave you a lot of money too.
This one is worth two million dollars. Okay?
Just... Just one slap then.
Come.
Go easy on me.
You punk.
Shot.
Hey.
You didn't say you were actually going to kill him.
I said I wouldn't run him over with a car.
I didn't say I wouldn't kill him.
I guess you're right.
Put him in the sack, and drag him back.
Do it before he bleeds more. He's bleeding a lot.
Why do I...
Right.
You even killed a man.
I didn't kill a man yet.
I should be doing it.
Was this jerk this tall?
Darn it.
My back hurts.
Gosh, it's killing me.
My gosh!
Gosh.
What's this?
It's an alibi.
What's that?
Wait.
I think we should turn back.
Your face.
Right.
Darn it.
Hey, do something.
Hey,
why don't we...
run over all of them?
Let's go.
Go on.
My dear officers.
You're working hard.
Excuse us, sir. A soldier ran away from the nearby army base.
We will have to inspect your car.
What's that smell?
We were asked to hunt down the animals damaging the farms,
so we're on our way to dispose the bodies after the hunt.
Let me check the trunk.
Sure.
My gosh, they work really hard, don't they?
They deserve to get paid more.
I will talk to the higher-ups.
There...
was my phone.
I thought I lost it.
I didn't know it'd be there.
Why is my phone in the trunk?
- You may pass. - Thank you.
Let them go.
My heart is racing.
Where do you want to bury the body?
This is your family's property, so you should know better.
We have plenty of vacant lots.
Just bury him anywhere.
I didn't know you'd really kill him.
You said you wanted to kill him.
Do we have to go this far?
To be honest, we didn't do anything wrong.
It's the same with what happened with Joon Hee too.
Things keep getting complicated.
If we only didn't bury Mi Jung's body...
No.
Just like Joon Hee said,
if we corrected our mistake then,
we wouldn't have to kill him.
It's cold. Let's go.
That's blood.
Yes.
I went hunting.
It felt great...
to kill.
I... I see.
[VIU Ver] E13 Return "You Talked to Him?"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Exactly. Come on. Let's go now. Put your knife down.
Your business was suspended...
for violating Food Sanitation Regulation.
You just tried to intimidate me with your eyes, didn't you?
First warning.
Is that how you're going to treat a small-business owner like myself?
You're with the police.
My gosh. You're getting on my nerves.
You should know better. Why are you doing this to me?
You're threatening a police officer with a knife.
- Second warning. - Are you kidding me right now?
What are you going to do with that? What?
Third warning.
Didn't I tell you I'd break your fingers if you use the taser again?
The higher-ups warned us to refrain...
from using the taser gun because of the death caused by the taser gun.
Do you want to be reprimanded again for excessive use of force?
- Dong Bae, that jerk... - See?
I don't have a partner anymore, and it's already showing.
Hyun Bae, this is all my fault.
Can't you fix Dong Bae's problem?
What is that jerk up to now?
Well done.
Hey, Dong Bae.
Where are you now?
I'm in Busan.
- Why are you in Busan? - I wanted to get some fresh air.
Do you think this is a good time for you to get some fresh air?
What is it? Did they finish their investigation?
Forget about the investigation. Come back here until I count to 10.
Okay.
(Myoungseong Theological University)
This is Dante's most famous work, "Divine Comedy".
In this poem,
we are faced with a world we have never experienced before.
Especially, in "Inferno",
you will notice that Dante wrote the poem...
as if he had personal experience in such place.
"Divine Comedy" by Dante...
is an example...
that showed we can relate to the words of Bible at a deeper level.
This is all.
Don't clap.
(Tae Suk)
Are we having a talent show?
Is that it?
Next.
I will deliver my presentation for "Purgatory.
In the Bible, the term, "purgatory", does not come up.
Yet, all of us are familiar with the term.
Continue.
According to the researches,
the term, "purgatory", was first used in the 12th century.
(Tae Suk)
Hey, why can't you stay focused?
Just continue.
(Tae Suk)
(Power-off)
Go fool around for 10 minutes.
Hey.
What's wrong with you? What's going on?
Are you dodging my calls? Is that it?
Well... That's...
It's just... My goodness.
I... I mean, this is weird. So...
You're a bit scary.
What are you saying?
Well... You...
You're not yourself.
What I'm saying is that you are my friend, Oh Tae Suk.
But you... You are not yourself.
Hey, hey, hey!
Get your act together.
With the slightest mistake,
the attempted murder of Joon Hee and the murder of Kim Byung Gi.
You'll take the fall for both crimes.
Me?
Why?
Hey, let's be honest here.
If we transferred Joon Hee to the hospital when it happened,
he wouldn't have been hurt that badly.
Besides, you are the one who killed...
Who would believe you?
What Joon Hee remembers...
is that you smashed his head with a rock.
That's his only memory.
What about Kim Byung Gi?
1 million each. I want 2 million dollars in total.
I wasn't the one he blackmailed.
It was you.
Bum.
My good boy, Bum .
What will you do now?
Will you trust me...
and follow my lead?
But...
what will you do with Joon Hee?
What choice do we have?
He must never...
wake up.
Have a meal before you go.
Let's pass this quietly, Joon Hee.
Make sure no visitors get inside.
As there are people everywhere,
indiscretion is everywhere.
Hello.
Is this the detective on Kang In Ho's case?
Yes, this is he.
If you want to find a missing person,
you must contact the appropriate department.
Why did you contact me?
It's hard to explain logically.
But I think it's related to that incident.
Tell me.
(3 days ago)
The first trial will be held in a week for Mr. K...
of T Group, who recently caused a stir in the society.
Don't change the channel.
On December 4, Mr. K murdered...
Ms. Yum, whose body was found on a road in Paju.
- It's time to watch the drama. - He's arrested...
and charged for murder and the abandonment of a corpse.
- I am about to win the lottery. - The prosecution...
is paying attention to the fact that...
Mr. K and the late Ms. Yum were having an affair.
- "Lottery"? - Yes.
He said that while watching the news about Kang In Ho.
He said In Ho was a two-million-dollar lottery ticket.
He said he'd get two million dollars if he scratches it.
He even told me to pack to go abroad.
(Gangdong Precinct)
What is it?
Why are you just standing there?
Will you go and start working? Come on.
What should I start with?
Organize your desk first.
Okay, sir.
He's that dealer.
The day Seo Joon Hee went missing, he confirmed Kim Hak Bum's alibi.
He went missing after that.
- What? -Put his car on the wanted list...
and check what Hak Bum did on the day he went missing.
Okay, sir.
Hello, Professor Kim.
- Hello. - Byung Gi is not here today.
Did you make an appointment with him?
- Yes. - Did you talk with him?
I haven't seen him for days. His phone is off too.
Who said that?
When did I say that I talked to him on the phone?
- You just said... - You're mad.
I was supposed to see him a few days ago.
Is he not here?
Yes. Should I call him again?
Never mind. I will look around alone.
- All right. - Go.
Is Mr. Kim Byung Gi here?
My goodness. Professor Kim.
We met at my office party before.
Right.
Why are you here?
I have an appointment with a car dealer.
You have an appointment with Byung Gi?
Yes. Do you know him well?
No. It's nothing.
By the way, is it really Kim Byung Gi?
Yes. I just talked to him. We're supposed to meet here.
You talked to him? With Byung Gi?
Yes.
Are you all right?
What?
You've gone pale.
Good choice. This is Kim Byung Gi.
I will serve you a good car.
What's going on?
Is he really alive?
How can a dead man call?
Wait. Wait.
We turned off his phone,
and we buried it with his body.
My goodness.
Do I have to check Choi Ja Hye's phone?
Darn it.
Why don't we...
go for a cup of tea?
What?
I just wanted to.
Sure.
What do you want to say?
Well...
I am curious about In Ho's trial.
Are you happy...
that your friend is undergoing a trial?
That's not it.
The trial is proceeding well.
I see.
Is there anything else you want to say?
About Byung Gi...
How do you know him?
I wanted to get a new car, and someone introduced him to me.
So? You're supposed to meet him today?
Why are you curious about that?
I am your fan.
Are you really supposed to see Byung Gi?
I usually don't respect anyone who's rude to me.
But since you seem impatient, I will let it slide once.
Here's the answer to your question.
I only talked to him on the phone.
Today?
Yes.
If you're curious about Byung Gi,
you can call him yourself.
I have it saved in my phone. You should use it if you need it.
I will use the ladies' room.
What would a smart girl like her...
set as her password?
Gosh.
030200.
03...
What are you doing?
Are you playing with me?
What is it that you want to ask me?
Did you really talk to Byung Gi on the phone?
Never mind.
Hey.
Let me see your phone just once. Okay?
You are so sure that he can't be reached.
I don't know what happened between you and him.
But I hope it wasn't anything bad.
I have to...
go prepare for the trial of your friend, Kang In Ho.
This is embarrassing.
Why would he put his car there?
It doesn't feel good.
I know.
This is not enough...
to confirm murder.
Did you check the CCTV footages?
There are too many blind spots, so it's hard to trace the car.
What is it?
It's asphalt concrete.
It's the material used to surface roads.
Is there any nearby road getting reworked?
I am not sure.
(Episode 14 will air shortly.)